COS/README.md, before:

# ORM (Object Relational Mapping) with JPA (Java Persistence API)

## Plan

**[Day 1](Day1) - Introduction to ORM**<br>
Overview<br>
Set up JPA<br>
Control JPA<br>
Reverse JPA<br>
Persistence unit<br>
Entity classes<br>
*Exercise 1*<br>

**[Day 2](Day2) - Relationships**<br>
Entity manager<br>
Annotations<br>
Relationships<br>
Cardinality<br>
Direction<br>
*Exercise 2*<br>

**[Day 3](Day3) - Inheritance**<br>
Inheritance<br>
Strategies<br>
*Exercise 3*<br>

**[Day 4](Day4) - JPQL**<br>
Named queries<br>
Dynamic queries<br>
Facade<br>
*Exercise 4*<br>

**Day 5 - Study point exercises**<br>
*Study point exercises*

## Exercises
[Exercise 1 - Basic JPA](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CB9LYW6uzFy6ibe7fLSHGI_5Ymx6kzdSdARNtsNO0ME/edit?usp=sharing)<br>
[Exercise 2 - Relationships](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Juic12T0bjb2sf-9dTuxrKXa1l5QA6ak-wTTINlK4dY/edit?usp=sharing)<br>
[Exercise 3 - Inheritance](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IiTDPL4wDW_0S8sWAHxH_ijYu9SyB6xzyql7aRnTomI/edit?usp=sharing)<br>
[Exercise 4 - JPQL](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18QeY8y6yz0JVo39gQfQ22InDUHtBN29ViFao5s4tQPc/edit?usp=sharing)

## Study point exercises
[Study point exercises](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BKihRmnhl18P5GCzSlO3UnDlUBm5fEaLUalaiTTxev4/edit?usp=sharing)

## References
[Video JPA setup](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/168683174)  
[Video JPA database table -> entityclass](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/168934609)  
[Vide JPA relationships](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/168939780)

[Lars' slides](learning-resources/ORM-intro.pdf)  
<a href="https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Java_Persistence" target="_blank">Wikibooks - Java Persistence</a><br>
<a href="https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Java_Persistence/EclipseLink" target="_blank">Wikibooks - EclipseLink</a><br>
<a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Object-relational_mapping" target="_blank">Wikipedia - ORM</a><br>
<a href="https://docs.oracle.com/javaee/7/api/javax/persistence/package-summary.html" target="_blank">Oracle Docs - Persistence Package API doc</a><br>

<a href="http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/middleware/ias/toplink-jpa-annotations-096251.html#Basic" target="_blank">Oracle Docs - Annoations</a><br>

**Relationships**<br>
<a href="https://www.javacodegeeks.com/2015/02/jpa-tutorial.html" target="_blank">Javacodegeeks (Chapters 5, 5.1, 5.2, 5.3)</a><br>
<a href="https://www.tutorialspoint.com/jpa/jpa_entity_relationships.htm" target="_blank">Tutorialspoint - Relationships</a><br>

**Inheritance**<br>
<a href="https://www.javacodegeeks.com/minibook/jpa-minibook" target="_blank">JPA Minibook (Pages 25-33)</a><br>
<a href="https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Java_Persistence/Inheritance" target="_blank">Wikibooks - Persistence</a><br>

**Entity manager**<br>
<a href="https://www.tutorialspoint.com/jpa/jpa_entity_managers.htm" target="_blank">Tutorialspoint - Entity manager</a><br>

**JPQL**<br>
[Wikibooks - JPQ](https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Java_Persistence/JPQL)  
this the main resource on JPQL)  
[JBay Blog - JPQL Tutorial](http://blog.jbaysolutions.com/2014/10/16/jpa-2-tutorial-queries-on-the-model)

Commit message:

Uploaded demo videos from class

COS/README.md, after:

# ORM (Object Relational Mapping) with JPA (Java Persistence API)

## Plan

**[Day 1](Day1) - Introduction to ORM**<br>
Overview<br>
Set up JPA<br>
Control JPA<br>
Reverse JPA<br>
Persistence unit<br>
Entity classes<br>
*Exercise 1*<br>

**[Day 2](Day2) - Relationships**<br>
Entity manager<br>
Annotations<br>
Relationships<br>
Cardinality<br>
Direction<br>
*Exercise 2*<br>

**[Day 3](Day3) - Inheritance**<br>
Inheritance<br>
Strategies<br>
*Exercise 3*<br>

**[Day 4](Day4) - JPQL**<br>
Named queries<br>
Dynamic queries<br>
Facade<br>
*Exercise 4*<br>

**Day 5 - Study point exercises**<br>
*Study point exercises*

## Exercises
[Exercise 1 - Basic JPA](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CB9LYW6uzFy6ibe7fLSHGI_5Ymx6kzdSdARNtsNO0ME/edit?usp=sharing)<br>
[Exercise 2 - Relationships](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Juic12T0bjb2sf-9dTuxrKXa1l5QA6ak-wTTINlK4dY/edit?usp=sharing)<br>
[Exercise 3 - Inheritance](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IiTDPL4wDW_0S8sWAHxH_ijYu9SyB6xzyql7aRnTomI/edit?usp=sharing)<br>
[Exercise 4 - JPQL](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18QeY8y6yz0JVo39gQfQ22InDUHtBN29ViFao5s4tQPc/edit?usp=sharing)

## Study point exercises
[Study point exercises](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BKihRmnhl18P5GCzSlO3UnDlUBm5fEaLUalaiTTxev4/edit?usp=sharing)

## References
[Video JPA setup](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/168683174)  
[Video JPA database table -> entityclass](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/168934609)  
[Vide JPA relationships](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/168939780)

[Lars' slides](learning-resources/ORM-intro.pdf)  
<a href="https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Java_Persistence" target="_blank">Wikibooks - Java Persistence</a><br>
<a href="https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Java_Persistence/EclipseLink" target="_blank">Wikibooks - EclipseLink</a><br>
<a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Object-relational_mapping" target="_blank">Wikipedia - ORM</a><br>
<a href="https://docs.oracle.com/javaee/7/api/javax/persistence/package-summary.html" target="_blank">Oracle Docs - Persistence Package API doc</a><br>

<a href="http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/middleware/ias/toplink-jpa-annotations-096251.html#Basic" target="_blank">Oracle Docs - Annoations</a><br>

**Relationships**<br>
<a href="https://www.javacodegeeks.com/2015/02/jpa-tutorial.html" target="_blank">Javacodegeeks (Chapters 5, 5.1, 5.2, 5.3)</a><br>
<a href="https://www.tutorialspoint.com/jpa/jpa_entity_relationships.htm" target="_blank">Tutorialspoint - Relationships</a><br>

**Inheritance**<br>
<a href="https://www.javacodegeeks.com/minibook/jpa-minibook" target="_blank">JPA Minibook (Pages 25-33)</a><br>
<a href="https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Java_Persistence/Inheritance" target="_blank">Wikibooks - Persistence</a><br>

**Entity manager**<br>
<a href="https://www.tutorialspoint.com/jpa/jpa_entity_managers.htm" target="_blank">Tutorialspoint - Entity manager</a><br>

**JPQL**<br>
[Wikibooks - JPQ](https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Java_Persistence/JPQL)  
this the main resource on JPQL)  
[JBay Blog - JPQL Tutorial](http://blog.jbaysolutions.com/2014/10/16/jpa-2-tutorial-queries-on-the-model)  
[JPQL demo part 1](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0BwZfnBsxgR1jYXdqMjVTU3dGTDA)  
[JPQL demo part 2](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0BwZfnBsxgR1jVWlfd28zN2JYUm8) -- this may not play in the browser, but you can download it.
